(Watch on KonFlix.vip)
Why?
Of all days...
Why do they have to debut
on the same day as us?
Valentine's Day goes hand in hand
with handsome men.
It was a genius debut plan
I'd been working on for ages!
Isn't Valentine's Day associated
with chocolate?
For ages? I decided that
two weeks ago.
We decided our debut date first!
All right.
Debuting on the same day as them
would be pretty bad.
TORINNER's agency is loaded
while we're poor, weak,
and on the decline.
Our agency is so small
that it could be blown away.
Your tongue is getting sharper.
They'll definitely pour a ton
of money into promotion.
We'll see how it goes--
We must take first place...
in the debut song ranking!
If we can't, our survival rate
will be only 18%.
We won't be able to survive
and paying back that 500 million yen
debt is out of the question!
My life will be over!
First place, or die!
Your face is way too close!
You successfully calmed the chaos
from last week's fake news
and the rising K-pop stars will
finally make their debut in Japan.
They are still far from rising stars
but we'll do our best,
one step at a time.
If I may,
I'd like to make a suggestion.
Could they appear on our show
on the day of their debut?
If they sing live
it would be good for our ratings
and for TORINNER's promotion.
I think it'll be mutually beneficial.
I see. What a wonderful suggestion!
Thank you.
Actually, we'll also have NAZE
on the show.
SAME DAY DEBUT! TORINNER AND NAZE
WILL SING THEIR DEBUT SONGS
Oh, NAZE, too?
Both groups debuting on the same day?
If they appear together,
it will definitely go viral.
We've received an offer
to appear on MUSIC SYNC!
Gosh!
On the day of our debut?
Unbelievable!
TORINNER as well?
The show's staff watched
the recent followers competition.
We'll debut on the same day, too.
It'll be exciting!
You guys don't get it.
They're a huge showbiz agency
so they'll use an insane amount
for promotion, like a bombing raid.
Meanwhile, we're a poor agency.
Our power is as weak as a water gun.
Right.
What should we do?
Mr. Azuma,
you didn't have to bring that up.
But it isn't all bad news.
Thanks to the follower competition
it's being billed as
a direct showdown between rivals
within the industry.
Everyone loves watching
other people fight.
We can use this buzz
to our advantage.
That's right.
Our fan base is definitely growing.
Well, if you put it that way...
Blessings and misfortunes
are intertwined.
- What's that?
- Anyway
we're going to win
in the debut song ranking!
- Yes!
Let's go!
- Okay!
- Let's go!
Let's practice! Let's go!
- Okay!
- What's wrong?
Nothing.
Now the choreography is set,
make sure you practice hard.
- Understand!
- Shall we start?
- Let's go!
In the same show as NAZE?
The TV station made the offer.
But people talked about us
after the show--
Again!
Didn't I tell you the other day?
Yes, sir.
One of our groups
will be evaluated
on the same level as leftovers.
Are you one of the leftovers, too?
I'm very sorry.
Do think about whether
you're necessary to me or not.
The TV show, MUSIC SYNC
also offered NAZE a slot to perform.
Meaning, you're perceived as
on the same level as NAZE.
Mr. Choi is furious.
Furious?
But NAZE just saved us the other day.
If you don't meet his expectations
you'll be fired.
If you want to stay in this agency
abandon any unnecessary emotions.
- Ouch!
- Hey!
Wake up!
They can't get first place
in the debut ranking like this!
If they don't get first place,
they won't survive!
I wasn't sleeping.
I was listening to their debut song.
Again?
Wait, don't tell me
we'll be using a different song?
I've paid for the choreography.
The fee is expensive!
Shut up, I won't change it.
The song is undeniably good, but...
it needs a bit more.
A bit more of what?
Our team's selling point is
if I put it into words,
its amiability and warmth.
I want to express that nuance
in this song.
The latest sounds aren't
the only thing that attracts people.
It's something only
they can bring out.
Something that matches them.
I want to bring out the qualities
that only NAZE has.
Just say that you want
to help NAZE win.
It's my sister!
Min-seo? That's a familiar name.
Do you know her?
Do-hyeok's older sister was also
a trainee who wanted to be an idol.
What?
Is she pretty?
Did you have a crush on her?
- Not at all.
- Really?
She's married with a child!
- It's true!
- My sister will come to Tokyo.
Wow, that's nice!
You've always loved your big sister.
Oh, you and your sister are close?
Yes, it's just me and my sister.
I see. Your sister must be happy
because her little brother
is making his debut.
Oh, why don't you
show her around Tokyo?
I'll look up all the places
I want to take her.
It's nice that you cherish
your sister so much.
My sister is the person I love most!
Let's do our best to debut
for your sister, too!
- Yes, I'll do my best!
- Let's do our best!
Five, six, seven, eight.
One, and two, and three, and four
five, six, seven
- eight. And one, two.
- Pay attention to the details, too.
- Three, four, five, six...
- You're going to debut!
FUN PLACES IN TOKYO FOR FAMILIES
- This?
- I know that place, too.
Really?
- No...
- Faster!
I can't do it.
Let's run for a bit more.
- Okay.
- Let's go!
Let's go!
TOKYO
- Thank you!
I've seen this place on TV!
- Have you?
- Is it famous?
It's done.
Unique to NAZE...
Softness, amiability...
Something gentle and warm,
that symbolizes NAZE...
Oh, I can't do it.
You startled me! What the heck?
Don't ask me what. How can you nap
at such a crucial time?
I wasn't napping! You heard me
talking to myself, right?
What's the matter?
Sorry, my sister is coming
from Korea today
so may I take the afternoon off
from practice?
I know her,
so I'd like to go, too, if possible.
Well, that's fine.
But it's the crucial time
before your debut
so make sure
you don't cause any trouble.
Some people might mess with you.
- Understood!
I'll be with the boys
until the evening meeting
so don't worry.
That's my biggest worry.
Did Min-seo get lost?
It's crowded here.
I'll go and have a look around.
Wait...
Wait a minute.
It's not time to meet up yet.
You must be worried.
Her son is still little, right?
Yes. His name is Eun-woo,
and he's only four.
Four years old?
Hey, Eun-woo!
Oh, Eun-woo, don't run!
Uncle Do-hyeok!
You've grown bigger!
Oh, Do-hyeok! Long time no see!
How have you been?
You seem to have grown taller, too!
It's been a long time!
Kaisei! Happy to see you!
You've come here, too?
Who is this lady?
She's the manager who looks after us.
Hello, it's a pleasure to meet you.
I'm Endo Minase.
You can talk to me in Japanese.
Thank you for taking care
of Do-hyeok.
Is Do-hyeok doing well?
Yes, he's going to perform
on a music TV show in Japan.
Wow, really?
Isn't that amazing?
Thanks to the members.
Okay, I'll show you around today.
Eun-woo, let's go!
Let's go!
- Amazing!
- This is a Kabuki theater.
It became a hot topic
because of the film.
Fresh produce and clothes are cheap
in this shopping district.
It's famous, even in Japan.
This time,
I drew a picture with the theme
"Whales Swimming in a Dream."
I wrote "thank you" in Hiragana.
The words "thank you" are written
in Japanese and Korean.
TAKAGIYA ROUHO
He knows Tokyo much better than I do.
What's the point of accompanying him?
So good.
He's been doing research
so that he can show his sister
around the best places in Japan.
- Great!
- Wow! It's beautiful!
Did you draw it yourself?
Even though you're busy...
I want you
to enjoy it to the fullest.
I'm poor, so I couldn't give you
a gift when Eun-woo was born.
Thank you, Do-hyeok.
Start!
You can do it!
Eun-woo! Push! Go on, push!
Here.
Use it to treat your sister
and nephew to something delicious.
Thank you, Minase.
It's a reward
for our reliable tour guide.
Go! Push! Wow!
Min-seo.
I'm sorry, I need to go now.
Oh, is that so?
I hope we'll meet again.
Eun-woo, let's go have sushi!
Yes, I love sushi!
Wow, looks yummy!
Yummy!
- Yummy?
- Yummy!
I want that, too!
You've been making so much noise!
If you can't discipline your kid,
then don't bring him here!
I'm sorry, I'll tell him to be quiet.
Like you would know
what good sushi is, foreigners.
How brazen, when there
are Japanese people waiting in line!
- How can you say that?
- Do-hyeok, don't.
Let's go.
Min-seo.
Go back to your country!
Unforgivable!
Ouch!
If you want to fight,
do it where no one else is.
Let go!
Ouch! Hot!
- What are you doing?
- Hey!
You want to cause a scene again?
Come out.
Please stop! He started it!
Just come with me.
In this country
we don't tolerate people
who cause trouble.
Remember that well.
This isn't right! He talked like
I was the only one at fault.
Is it racism?
It's because I'm a foreigner.
Do-hyeok, I feel you, but...
I'm sorry.
No, I should be the one to apologize.
You did so much for us, but...
It's okay, Eun-woo.
I think it's better not to tell
Mr. Azuma about today.
If they find out we caused trouble,
they might cancel our debut.
One, two, and three, and four.
And thump! Click.
Seven, eight! Stretch your arms!
Three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
Your facial expression
is all over the place.
- Once more!
- Yes!
One, two, three
four, five, six, seven, eight.
That was the minimum standard.
Don't forget it.
- Yes!
My body is wrecked.
I'm going to call my sister.
There you are!
I've been wanting to see you.
Do-hyeok.
Why are you here?
After you left,
a female customer said
that you were a member of NAZE.
The tea you spilled yesterday
gave me a really bad burn.
That can't be. It wasn't even hot.
Is that really acceptable?
An idol hurting people like that?
Everyone, listen!
Stop it!
I heard K-pop is very popular
all around the world.
I'm so jealous!
Anyway, give me 100,000 yen
for medical expenses.
I don't have any money.
We haven't made our debut.
You know, Do-hyeok
whether you have money or not
is none of my business.
If you have no money
how about borrowing it
from your beloved sister?
Idol group, NAZE's Do-hyeok.
Five, six, and seven, and eight.
- One, and two, and three, four.
- Do-hyeok, you're late!
With that attitude, you think
you can debut at first place?
Hurry and come back.
Yes.
Five, six, seven, eight.
100,000 yen for medical expenses.
Min-seo is finally happy.
I can't rely on her.
Hello. Well...
I can't tell you my name
but will you pay me
100,000 yen for this?
What do you mean?
The gossip magazine found out!
They asked whether NAZE
and TORINNER would really appear
together on the day of their debut.
It was supposed to be a surprise.
You think we leaked that?
Wasn't it their agency?
There's no way Ms. Park
would be so sloppy at work.
I've worked with her for some time.
If your agency does that, you'll lose
the trust of the industry.
No, we didn't...
She makes a fool of us!
Just because we're a poor,
weak, and declining agency
that can be blown away easily!
Did you say something
during the confusion?
I'm sorry, I couldn't help it.
Couldn't help...
Where could the leak come from?
Eight, nine, ten. Okay.
I'll be going now.
Oh, I'm sorry.
But the treatment of my burn
will take longer than expected.
I think I need a bit more.
Hang on.
Three hundred thousand.
I'll settle for that.
You don't want me
to reveal it to anyone, right?
Five, six, seven, eight.
One, two, and three, and four
and five, six, seven, eight.
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven...
Hey, Do-hyeok, are you going to stand
on the stage like that?
I'm sorry.
Concentrate!
- Yes.
Five, six, seven, eight...
What's wrong?
You seem to be feeling down lately.
300,000 yen.
What?
I was blackmailed to pay 300,000 yen
by the man who bothered us
at the sushi restaurant.
He said the tea burned him.
He said he'd tell people
I injured him if I didn't pay.
That's blackmail!
Let's tell the police--
No.
It'll cause you guys trouble.
Also...
In this country
we don't tolerate people
who cause trouble.
Because I'm a foreigner
nobody will listen to me.
Hello.
I'm sorry about the other day.
What are you here for now?
I got a good story
about NAZE.
Normally, it wouldn't be enough
for an article
but I thought
you might be interested.
How much should I pay you
to write an article?
What's this?!
Even our photos are taken.
It's scary.
Is someone after us?
Our debut is close.
Who took these photos?
Will we be able to debut?
Thank you!
I'm sorry, but the treatment
will take more time.
That's enough.
Next, it's one million.
That will be the last one.
- Are you kidding--
- I can sue you.
But is it okay?
If people find out an idol
had injured someone
it'll cause a stir.
I'd rather...
quit NAZE.
Shall I kidnap
and sell your sister, then?
I've already found out
which hotel she's staying at.
- No way--
- Why don't you try me?
Hey, Azuma, what should I do?
The TV station got angry at me
because of this article!
They might cancel our performance.
Do something!
"Living in poverty
a dark secret of the showbiz."
This is our agency.
We won't be able
to rank first when we debut!
We won't survive
and I won't be able to pay my debt!
Oh, darn it!
I want to disappear somewhere!
Get a hot guy to sweep me off my feet
and gaze at the starry sky
deep inside the mountain!
"You're more beautiful
than all these stars."
"I know!"
I want someone to say that to me!
- Listen to me!
- Ouch!
I just want a change of mood!
Take me somewhere
with twinkling stars!
The arrangement isn't coming together
and I'm under pressure, too!
Don't bother me!
Did you say "twinkling"?
Yes! A big, starry sky
that you can't see in the city.
A softness and amiability
that only NAZE has.
A tenderness and warmth
that only this song can bring out.
Azuma, I think it's nice.
Right?
It's amazing!
Perfect for NAZE! The best!
I'm a genius after all!
We can do this!
Hang on.
Listen.
You must not tell a soul
about what I'm going to say.
It's our secret.
Secret?
Actually, I made a little tweak
to your debut song.
Valentine's Day is coming up.
An event will be held
at Tokyo Skytree
to give away 10,000 boxes
of heart-shaped chocolates.
It's called
Valentine Chocolove Party.
On top of that, a firework show
is scheduled on that day.
Ten thousand boxes of chocolate
and fireworks?
It's the day of our debut.
- Yes, it'll be live on air.
- We're finally debuting!
- I'm anxious.
- We must get first place.
- Let's do it!
- Yes, let's go!
One, and two, and three, and four
five, six, seven, eight.
And one, two...
Younki and I are opposite each other?
Shall we try that?
- Five, and six, seven, eight.
- One, and two!
- This is it!
- Okay!
- And one, two, and three, four
- and five, and six, seven, eight.
- One, two, three, four
- and five, six, seven, eight. And...
Your dream of becoming an idol
will come true.
As your big sister, I'm proud of you.
I'll be rooting for you.
I'm sorry, Min-seo.
You've been rooting for me.
But I won't be able to debut.
Next, it's one million.
That will be the last time.
One million...
It's our secret.
Actually, I made a little tweak
to your debut song.
I obtained the biggest weapon
for the day of their debut.
This will certainly end NAZE
and Azuma.
That's the genius producer I count on
Park Ji-soo.
I'm humbled by your words.
CONGRATULATIONS!
DAY OF DEBUT!
I am sorry. Goodbye. Do-hyeok
They're finally debuting today.
I hope it goes well.
It was really good, right?
Oh, have you read the article
about NAZE?
I have! Their debut song
copied another song, right?
- What?
- It's horrible.
Copy?
This is really bad.
What are your thoughts
on NAZE's plagiarism issue?
I respect Mr. Azuma
as a senior producer.
But if the plagiarism is true,
it's unforgivable.
I think he should
gracefully leave the industry.
NAZE'S DEBUT SONG CRITICIZED
FOR PLAGIARISM BEFORE RELEASE
As careless as ever.
DEBUT ON 14TH FEBRUARY
Mr. Azuma!
This article is fake, right?
Plagiarism?
- I did copy it.
- What?
Mr. Azuma, what plagiarism?
We won't be able to debut!
And Do-hyeok left this note,
and he's gone!
Do-hyeok? Why?
Maybe it's related to this article.
- Let's look for him together.
- Yes.
Oh, Mr. Azuma, why did you copy
someone else's song?
Yes, it is copying.
But what's wrong with it?
- What?
I'm sorry, I could only get 500,000.
You promised to get 1,000,000.
This is the best I could do!
I have to ask your cute nephew
and your sister to pay, then.
Your sister is hot,
so it'll get me a million.
Leave my sister out of this!
Don't touch her!
I wish
I could be like that, too.
I've been working hard for it,
but now...
Only one in 100,000
can debut and make a living.
In the harsh world
of fierce competition
there's no way leftovers
like you can survive.
Let's go to the dream stage.
To make their dreams come true
they go all out
to support each other.
That's what our team is proud of.
You shared happiness and sadness
you experienced
and overcame them together.
We'll create our unique flavor
with our own power.
That's all that matters.
I'm sorry, everyone.
This is my fault.
I am sorry, Mr. Azuma.
But...
I need to protect her.
My sister raised me
so I need to protect her.
Let's go home!
Hello.
It's you, from the other day...
Do-hyeok asked me
to drive you two to the airport.
Do-hyeok?
Hello.
Excuse me, where's Lim Min-seo?
She's a Korean lady,
with a little boy.
Ms. Lim Min-seo?
She just checked out.
What...
MIN-SEO
Min-seo, where are you now?
Hey, Do-hyeok.
Your sister and her kid
are with me now.
This is your last chance.
Get the one million
and call me before 5 p.m.
I can't get more money!
If that's the case
something bad will happen
to both of them.
Darn it!
Shut up!
I told you
not to cause people trouble.
In this country
we don't tolerate people
who cause trouble.
You're that guy?
Do-hyeok!
Kaisei, why...
Idiot! Don't just disappear on us!
Why didn't you tell us
you were blackmailed?
Kaisei told us.
Sorry, we didn't realize.
It must have been so hard for you.
I'm really sorry.
Where's Min-seo?
It looks like that guy has her.
Really?
- We'll split up and search!
- Yes!
But you'll be late
for the live broadcast.
I'll call the police--
It's enough, everyone.
I don't deserve to be
a member of NAZE anymore.
The secret of the song
that Mr. Azuma told us...
The one who sold it
to the magazine was me.
Actually, I made a little tweak
to your debut song.
By incorporating a familiar melody
it'll emphasize
the heartwarming nature of NAZE.
You must keep this a secret.
Then, the reporter wrote
that we plagiarized the song.
I betrayed the friends
I've been working hard with.
I am sorry.
I am really sorry.
You're wrong, Do-hyeok.
What?
Your debut song wasn't plagiarized.
It all went
according to Mr. Azuma's plan.
I made the final tweak
to the debut song arrangement, right?
The melody
of Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star
sounds nostalgic and I love it.
Yes. It's soft, warm, and nostalgic.
In addition to K-pop's modern element
it's the perfect motif
to convey NAZE's unique charm.
Is this what they meant
by plagiarism?
It was originally
an old French folk song
but now,
it's loved all over the world.
Besides, it's common knowledge that
copyright expires after 70 years.
Can you call this plagiarism?
NAZE's info was leaked many times
so he purposely spread the fake news.
So there is no problem at all.
Someone evil has been spreading
wrong information
about us plagiarizing someone's song.
They must be intimidated
by our boys' potential.
So we'll be able to perform
on MUSIC SYNC together!
But we need to find his sister first.
Right. I'll call the police.
But no matter what I say,
nobody will believe me.
Because I'm a foreigner.
You guys are such a pain.
If you want the police,
you've got an officer here.
A police officer?
The guy who kidnapped your sister
has threatened foreigners many times,
so the police are watching him.
You seem to have gotten
the wrong idea.
Whether you're a company's CEO
or the president of a country
the Japanese police
do not tolerate bad people.
Also
regardless of
what country someone is from
we do our utmost to protect them
from bad people.
I promise I'll rescue your sister.
So, stop worrying, and go
with your friends.
Thank you.
Let's go to the studio.
We're almost out of time.
- Yes!
Give it your best, you idiot.
Let's go to the main road
and flag a taxi!
- Oh, no!
- What's wrong?
There's a traffic jam
and nothing's moving.
- What?
There!
The 10,000 chocolate event!
The Chocolove Party is here!
We're giving out chocolate.
Would you like a box?
TORINNER's rehearsal is done.
NAZE hasn't arrived yet?
They'll make it in time, right?
Of course.
I'll go and check.
Wait!
Mr. Azuma?
What, Mr. Azuma?
I'm behind you now.
Behind me?
- Mr. Azuma!
Get on! I have all your clothes
and makeup tools!
- Yes!
Run!
Wait for me! Wait!
Hurry up.
Okay...
Oh, we're going to be late
for the live broadcast!
Traffic is still jammed
and the boat can't get
to the TV station.
- We won't go to the TV station.
- What?
It's almost their turn...
Azuma still hasn't arrived?
If they miss the live broadcast
first place in the debut rankings
will be a wild dream.
I won't be able to pay my debt.
Then I'll end up as fish food
somewhere out at sea!
What should I do?
Next, the promising newcomers, NAZE,
will perform.
They're here live
at an unexpected place.
A live feed?
Good evening! We're...
- I, me, mine.
- We're NAZE!
We're somewhere near Skytree now.
Why?
We're bringing you
our debut song, Little Star.
- Please listen to it!
I'm glad we made it.
What...
What happened?
Mr. Azuma called me
right before it started.
He said they'd be late,
so he wanted to do a live feed.
Live feed?
They didn't prepare anything.
Coincidentally, a camera crew
was at the chocolate event.
He took me by surprise.
That guy really is eccentric.
That's your Uncle Do-hyeok.
Thank you, Do-hyeok.
Gosh.
They're always cutting it close.
I really love the phrase here.
Of course!
Perfect timing!
Fireworks!
Gosh, sorry.
NAZE is the best!
Ready, go!
- Thank you!
Thank goodness they made it in time!
Amazing!
Everyone has been talking
about NAZE on social media.
- Indeed!
- This is definitely going to sell!
I'm so happy!
Thank you.
We really want to get first place
in the debut rankings.
Hello?
NAZE's performance was awesome.
Oh, that--
You lied to me again.
You're worse than leftovers.
First, from tenth place
to third place.
DEBUT SONG RANKING TOP 10
7. NOW IS THE STARTING,
6. FRAILER THAN LIES LINE
4. SHINING SUGAR STEPS
Now, for second and first place...
Let's have a look.
One, two...
RANKED 1ST, 2ND THIS WEEK...
THIS DRAMA IS FICTION
We couldn't get first place.
It's over. It's an impossible dream.
I'm quitting NAZE today.
I reckon the other members
will follow suit and quit.
I told you
that you couldn't be an idol.
It's always been my dream
to perform on stage.
This is the world we live in.